README.md, before:

# calculating-factorial
ı actually wanna talk about RAM in this bc it might actually save you from all this non understadable work but ı dont think ı can do that with my poor explaining
this is actually very easy while format so ım not gonna talk about that
what i actually wanna say is that "why do we use another int so we can store the input"
and to answer to that is simple
you see when we use 'int' for an example we actually use from our Random Access Memomory (RAM) 
int has a 4 byte size so we used 4 byte from our ram and we stored our input or number or character etc.
and when we "give" a number to that it stores in that 4 bytes
but if wee use smth like divide subtract or any other thing that messes up with our inputs stored number                      
it just erase our number and write the new input                                  
(for example our input is 3 and we used like lets say: 'input++;' we have 4 as our stored input and we lost our original input)
so we just use a DIFFRENT storage (we use another int)as like backup
example for that
int ily;
int i love you == ily;
after that point when we our original input for smth we can always use it again bc of our other storage     
ı hope ı can help someone with this and if youre reading this 
thank you 🙂

Commit message:

Improve README explanation on int variable usage
Revised explanation of using an additional int variable to store input and its relation to RAM.

README.md, after:

# calculating-factorial
I actually want to talk about RAM here, because it can help you understand this topic more easily and save you from a lot of confusing work. However, i don’t think i can explain it with my poor explanation skills, so ill try to keep it simple.

What i really want to explain is why we use another int variable to store the input.

The answer is simple. When we use an int variable, were using space from our Random Access Memory (RAM). An int usually takes 4 bytes of memory. Those 4 bytes are used to store our input, whether  if it is a number or another value.

When we assign a value to an int, that value is stored in those 4 bytes. However, if we perform operations like addition, subtraction, division, or anything else that messes up with our original value, the original value is overwritten by our new value.

For example, if our input is 3 and we write:

input++;


The value stored in memory becomes 4, and we lose the original value 3.

That is why we use a different variable (another int) as a backup. For example:

int ily;
int iloveyou = ily;


After this, even if we change the original variable, we can still access the original value using the backup variable. This allows us to use the original input whenever we need it.

I hope this explanation helps someone. If youre reading this, thank you 🙂
